so hey guys I haven't been on in a while
because I've been busy these past couple
of months but it's one to update you
what's been going on so um I started
school well I started to go into a new
school because um it's like a technical
school for like half days for juniors
and full days for seniors and um since
i'm a senior moment all day and I am
through photography I do have a
photography Instagram page one check it
out it's nicole d photography i'll leave
a link i'll leave like something in
description box for you guys to see um
thanksgiving break is coming up I'm all
your Massachusetts so that should be fun
it's my boyfriend's and I so near
anniversary's coming up I got him a
little gift I promise I am NOT sponsored
by Eminem's or this company all that his
own nums so um promise I'm not sponsored
by them and please don't sue me because
this thing's is really cool so um so
this is the case that i selected to
since he likes football new plays
football and stuff and um I want a
couple of mm sir says happy first and
then um it says when our anniversary
anna says love you and then it has
picture of us so i'll leave the link to
this in the description if you want one
of these i'm making really expensive so
just warning you but it's still pretty
cool
um see I get back to my new school our
class has been cut has been like um it's
like a family now because like we've
been together for so long and like it's
weird and and living together for like
three months for maybe at the most and
it's been so much I've been like seven
hours together in one room and we come
like a close family and I find that like
really cool and stuff you guys have a
chance it was like a tech school or
whatever I think you should check it out
because it's really cool what you can do
and like it's not a traditional school
or if you like learn math and science
and all that you learn that one trade
you want to do and so yeah and um
yeah so I'll talk to you guys later and
um bye make sure you subscribe and like
and all that